21_1 DataGrid Record Paging: describe pager.displayMode and auxiliarly html elements (#718)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/RecordPaging/description.md

- **Page size selector**        
Changes the page size. To display this element, enable the [showPageSizeSelector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#showPageSizeSelector) property. You can also define the [allowedPageSizes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#allowedPageSizes) and specify the initial [pageSize](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/paging/#pageSize) in the [paging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/paging/) object.

- **Page information**           

> Displays the current page number and total record count. Available only in the full mode. To display page information, enable the [showInfo](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#showInfo) property. You can also use the [infoText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#infoText) property to customize the information text string.

Reviewer: You haven't told about the display modes yet.

```suggestion
Displays the current page number and total record count. To display page information, enable the [showInfo](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#showInfo) property. You can also use the [infoText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#infoText) property to customize the information text string.
```

> The pager supports three display modes: full, compact, and adaptive (default). In compact mode, the pager hides page information and changes the appearance of other elements to use screen space more efficiently. In adaptive mode, the pager automatically chooses between the full and compact modes based on the DataGrid's width. Use the [displayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#displayMode) property to specify the mode.

Reviewer 2: >Use the [displayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#displayMode) property to specify the mode.

I would say:
>Use the [displayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#displayMode) property to switch between modes.

> Pager has the full and compact display modes. Additionally, the adaptive (default) mode switches between these two values based on the DataGrid's width. Use the **pager**.[displayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#displayMode) property to specify the mode.

Reviewer: - "Adaptive" is a display mode too.
- "has" is a weak verb.
- That bit about page information being hidden in compact mode belongs here.

```suggestion
The pager supports three display modes: full, compact, and adaptive (default). In compact mode, the pager hides page information and changes the appearance of other elements to use screen space more efficiently. In adaptive mode, the pager automatically chooses between the full and compact modes based on the DataGrid's width. Use the [displayMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/pager/#displayMode) property to specify the mode.
```

> In this demo, you can use the Display Mode drop-down menu to switch between the full and compact display modes. You can also use the checkboxes to control the visibility of different pager elements. Note that when the pager is in compact mode, you cannot show page information and hide navigation buttons because this mode doesn't support these changes.

Reviewer 2: > In this demo, you can use the Display Mode drop-down menu to switch between **the** full and compact display modes.

I'm not sure you need an article here. We do not use articles with "mode" without a pretty good reason.

> You can also use the checkboxes to control the visibility of different pager elements.

I would say:
> You can also use checkboxes to hide or display different pager elements.

> Note that when the pager is in compact mode, you cannot show page information and hide navigation buttons because this mode doesn't support these changes.

We do not abbreviate verbs: doesn't -> does not

It should be:
> Note that when the pager is in compact mode, you cannot show page information and hide navigation buttons because this mode does not support these changes.

> In this demo, you can use the SelectBox to switch between the full and compact display modes. This will result in appearance changes of the page navigator and page size selector and will hide the page information in the compact mode. You can also use the checkboxes to show or hide the page size selector and - if in the full display mode - page information and buttons in the page navigator.

Reviewer: - SelectBox acts as a drop-down menu. Since this is not a SelectBox demo, it is better to refer to this element by its function.
- "This will result in appearance changes of the page navigator and page size selector and will hide the page information in the compact mode." - I describe changes in appearance in the previous paragraph.
- "and - if in the full display mode - page information and buttons in the page navigator." - This needed elaboration.

```suggestion
In this demo, you can use the Display Mode drop-down menu to switch between the full and compact display modes. You can also use the checkboxes to control the visibility of different pager elements. Note that when the pager is in compact mode, you cannot show page information because this mode doesn't support it. You also cannot hide navigation buttons because they are the only means of page navigation.
```
